The teachings of the Buddha Shakyamuni, meaning that behind you, we all, or you all, have this
beautiful human body with it, freedom, and a laughter spot.
So how do you get your governance in the most hard work?
And then you are engaging in the part of the Buddha's teaching and not just only that, the most
precious teaching that which is very helpful.
And those of you who are interested or have the desire to reach enlightenment or gain the knowledge
of the wisdom within this lifetime.
And therefore that, those of us, is very important to protect the Samayas, group Samayas, and brand
Samayas are necessary to protect them.
Here you can see that the Samayas, which you can see here, were the same as the Samayas.
So you can see that the Samayas were also the same as the Samayas.
So if you didn't observe or protect the Samayas, then it's also similar as that we were searching
for the medicine, but then you ended up with the poison.
In order to maintain the Samaya, what we need for the Samayas and for the world, to protect the Sam
ayas, then we need devotion.
We need a joyful effort, help, and intelligence of the Western.
So we are trying to ignite the devotion, ignite the joyful effort, ignite the intelligence of the
Western.
And first, again, the very teachers taught more. Why we need devotion? Because if we don't have the
devotion, then you are not at all the results of the very inner teaching, or that will come.
There is no, that's it, that very inner teaching, not going to sink or search. Search to that
individuals.
If we don't have that, then why we need joyful effort? If we don't have joyful effort, then we
become the laziness and carry with it the old habit practice.
All habit practice completely, our power, as always. So therefore, joyful effort is so necessary.
And then, why we need the wisdom? If we don't have the wisdom, we won't understand the profound and
the mystical meanings of the very honest world and their characteristics.
And we don't can't distract them.
[Hindi]
And for that reason, one way where the inner teaching is the teaching for those who have the
devotion, joyful effort, and the intelligence of the Western.
[Hindi]
When you have those three things, whoever have that three things, then where the inner teaching is
the teaching for them, that it will activate it and bring the full growth and the development of
the practices.
[Hindi]
And therefore, then particularly, when you give the teachings of the very inner teaching, that
teacher should see as Buddha, and then do three in these ways.
[Hindi]
And therefore, then opening the teachings, throughout the teachings, on all the teachers, there is
the teacher of the very inner teaching.
And then, some teaching also said, "Bhagavam sambhava" is the teacher for all the devotees, devote
es they use.